hey what's going on guys Chris Chavez
here with van der com taking a quick
look at the sony xperia m for ultra this
is Sony's mid-range operant they
announced here at the show and it's got
a couple of I guess noteworthy specs
it's going to be affordably priced of
course it's a lot like the Sony Xperia
z3 only it's got a 720p display it's
running a Snapdragon 615 processor it's
actually knocked the core processor
using the whole big arm little
configuration that they got going on so
that should definitely help with the
battery savings and Sony's Xperia line
has no problem there thanks to their
custom software put an Android 5.0
lollipop and it's got in ingress rating
of IP 65 / 68 so it's a little bit
higher than say like the Sony Xperia z3
mean you know it should survive a Dunkin
water which we looking to get somewhere
near the end of this video 2 gigabytes
of RAM inside the phone a 13 megapixel
camera on the back 5 megapixel camera on
the front and it runs pretty speedy
we're having a 615 is actually my first
experience of a device running a
Qualcomm 16 processor and it's due
soon all right a little 615
pricing is going to be
299 hero when it comes out later this
spring they haven't really announced an
exact date yet but it's a pretty pretty
good phone super light in the hand on
the kind of got rid of the aluminum's on
the side here for some kind of faux
aluminum plastic they got going on so
definitely not as heavy does it feel as
expensive this is III but I mean it
gives you that same Xperia z2 you look
and I'm gonna go ahead and give this
sucker down coming water because they
supplied us with this awesome water tank
here and hopefully we don't we don't
break it I'm supposed to be able to
survive 1.5 meters in water submersion
so this is nowhere near that and we're
up to 30 minutes up to 30 minutes so you
can take pictures of stuff under water
well let's do it on the water picture oh
wait the display goes completely yeah it
doesn't work when it's wet so that's
just a really quick look at the Sony
Xperia m4 aqua with banjo Colin Chris
Chavez thanks watching we'll see you
next time